chore(docs): add new section (#271)
topology-foundation/ts-topology: README.md

```

The postinstall script will build all the packages. In case you have errors, please manually build every package inside the folder `packages`.

# Known Issues

> - Local nodes won't be able to connect with each other if the machine runs them is connecting to a VPN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Peers won't be able to connect with each other if either one of them is behind a VPN.
```
